brought to you by 1a auto calm your
source for quality replacement parts and
the best service on the Internet
okay in this video we're going to show
you how to replace the tail light
connector plate in this 2004 Dodge Ram
same as any ode to 206 some symptoms of
this is if your tail light doesn't work
and you've tried changing the bulbs many
times what happens is these connector
plates either get water in them or the
contacts corrode causing your tail light
to malfunction tools you'll need for
this repair t25 Torx driver a flat blade
screwdriver and a Phillips head
screwdriver
okay first you're going to remove the
taillight t25 Torx bit there's two
screws one here down here excuse I pull
that one out the light starts moving
okay and then you kind of pull the pull
over here with this hand on the edge
okay it's basically two pins here that
lock into holes there a little flathead
screwdriver
there's a locking tab here just push it
down and out and then push on off tab
here and remove that wrist okay so if
your bulbs are all okay sometimes what
goes bad is this connector plate you can
get water in it short out four screws
and we'll just speed up as I remove
those four screws with a Phillips
screwdriver
okay new connector plate for morning
auto you can see it's all the same and
just change over our bulbs and you can
make sure the bulbs are good as you can
see the filaments
not a bad idea to get new ones okay tail
light
okay we'll speed it up again here is I
just put in those four Phillips screws
and then tighten them up with the
screwdriver reconnect your harness then
you're walking down
[Music]
okay we'll fast forward through removing
those four screws
we hope this helps you out brought to
you by ww1 ayato calm your source for
quality replacement parts and the best
service on the internet please feel free
to call us toll free 888 eight four four
three three nine three where the company
that's here for you on the internet and
in person